
I recall playing chess with against computers in '89, but now

-------------------
Hi Michael,

Just checking in with you. Have you reviewed the details of the Senior Software Engineer position I sent you?
 They need someone with C#, .NET, and LINQ queries. This client leads the way in developing award-winning software
  products for the financial investments industry.
Please review the job description below. If interested, email your resume.
 If not, we would appreciate it if you could share this opportunity with your network.

Kayla

Senior Software Engineer, C#, SaaS, Financial, Dallas/Hybrid

Our client is a rapidly growing, Dallas-based SaaS firm specializing in the development of
 software applications for the financial investment industry. They are seeking a dynamic C# Senior Developer to 
 join the team focused on developing a CLO Compliance engine, the fastest-growing segment of their business. 
 You will work closely with the Development Team, Technical Leads, and Product Managers to build 
 and enhance compliance rules and reporting for external and internal stakeholders.

Why should you apply here?

Profitable, mature software firm in the financial investment industry
Talented and seasoned executive leadership with a successful track record
High retention among management and technical staff
Award-winning software products built using cloud infrastructure
Work with a talented senior development team
Opportunity to grow your skills, make an impact, and take ownership
Flexible hours, excellent plans for compensation/benefits

What will you be doing?

Design, develop, and maintain a CLO compliance application using C#
Implement complex LINQ queries and dynamic expressions
Ensure high performance and scalability of the application
Containerize .NET services using technologies like Docker
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define requirements and deliver solutions
Conduct code reviews and provide constructive feedback
Participate in weekly sprint planning and execution
Improve your knowledge of the financial services industry

What are the minimum qualifications?

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related major
Senior-level C# development experience with a focus on developing complex applications
Deep understanding of C# and the .NET framework
Expertise in writing complex LINQ queries and dynamic expressions
Knowledge of MS SQL Server and database management systems
Experience with front-end frameworks such as Angular

What will make your résumé stand out?

Experience in financial services or compliance software development
Proficiency with performance optimization techniques
Experience with HTML templating frameworks such as Handlebars, or with report builder libraries and frameworks

Location: Headquarters in North Dallas, First 3 months on-site and then go hybrid (3 days on-site)

Citizenship: U.S. Citizens and Permanent Residents are encouraged to apply. This company is currently 
unable to provide sponsorship (e.g., H1B).

Salary: 110k – 140k + Bonus, 401k match, Free lunches daily, 100% Medical, Vision, Dental
-------------------

